How are you going to travel alone Will you go
house to house Selling policy How will I
manage things at home Will you come late at night
I excel in my career through sales Could you find anything else I can be able to
manage
my work from taking up my family
Understand my job profile in a world
full of doubts and stereotypes There are two who
define norms and dare to do differently
Meet the trail blazers of IC ICI
Lord If I am talking about work
profile so everyone faces so many challenges in
sales profile but being a female we are
facing little bit more or more challenges
in profile Sometimes I feel unsafe to do
solo travel and meet with new people and make
relationship to those people and places where
mostly men are walking for completing
my goals and targets I have taken help
of my manager, my office colleague and my team
for achieving my goals and be a major part of
my team in the face of adversity  The
story is fueled by a
mission about Rajni madam I would like to see a
wonderful person I love her to help everyone never need about
my colleague Soumya she
is a very hard working girl with a
positive attitude and she is very helpful
for every colleague congratulations Rajni for
always being a star performer of Samadpur
branch and this all is possible just because
of your hard work and dedication all
credit goes to you if I talk about it I can give you
one example of my team Soumya her
contribution is 35 of her the channel's
contribution all which was some were around
15 to 20 so which is a very good
achievement I wish her all the best as per my
views Chetna is a very hard working lady and a
well rounded very positive thought person she takes every
challenge with positive notes our women employees embody
resilience and excellence
Redefine what's
possible at ICICI Lord Diversity is just
a goal It's our strength Together we are
writing the narrative Where more and more
women are joining our sales workforce and
making a
[music]
[applause]
Mark B